Hello everyone with you online store
fayno and songs my name is alina and today
i will show you a goose mosquino case for
iphone 4 and iphone 5 look
please here are the covers in front of us now
you see before you
This is a Chinese replica case
done exactly as it looks
original but note on the case
There are no masks but we therefore
sell a little cheaper than an exact copy
the original most popular goose cover
is such a color
there is a beige goose look please
that's how it looks from the inside ie
This case is for iphone 4 & 4s
but we also have a store exactly like that
iphone 5 cases
except this beige goose you can
buy such a pink yellow ray
as well as white goose that is as they say
the taste and color of comrades no let's
try to put this case on the iphone and
So here we have an iphone or try
for example one white
In fact, the case is now like this your iphone
looks sang you gave looking around
cute geese and kinda keeps
see with your paws
there is an open headphone jack
there is also no
or you can see there is a home button then
Other iPhone buttons are open here.
This is how your iphone looks from behind
Here we have an open camera, that is, wearing
This case you can use your
iphone for all 100
if you like this case call
us on the phone that you see with us
on the website or order via stand and
subscribe to our channel to
first to know about the most fun
iphone cases for everyone